HOME
TOPICS
PRIVACY & SECURITY
Privacy and Security

Article Contents

Privacy at Square
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Security at Square
Square’s approach to security is designed to protect both merchants and their customers. Read about how we keep you and your information safe.

Privacy at Square

Square respects your privacy and works hard to protect your personal information. We want you to understand how we may collect, store, use and protect your personal information. We will not share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. When you downloaded our software in order to use our services you agreed to accept this policy. We may change this policy at any time. We will post notifications of revised versions of our policy on our website, and revised policies will be immediately effective. Throughout this Privacy Policy, we will refer to our website, software, and services collectively as the “Service.” Please note, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means than your use of the Service (including offline) or from other sources.

Protecting the privacy of minors is especially important. For that reason, Square does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register with our Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on Square. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.

Additionally, you must be over 18 in order to create an account with Square. 

Changes to Our Privacy Policy

If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our website to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Security at Square

To protect Square account holders and their customers, all information our customers submit is encrypted to our servers, regardless of whether you’re using a public or private WiFi connection or a data service on your phone (such as 3G, 4G or EDGE). Square complies with all required PCI standards. As per our Terms, Security Policy and Privacy Policy, we will never sell information to third party vendors.

Square protects its systems with industry-leading technology and security controls, including:

Square performs data encryption within the card reader at the moment of swipe.
Square’s software is developed using industry-standard security best practices.
Square’s servers are monitored around the clock by dedicated security staff.
Square’s employees act in accordance with security policies designed to keep your data safe.
Since Square itself is PCI compliant, we don’t require account holders to validate PCI compliance. Merchants who use Square for all storage, processing, and transmission of payment card data do not need to validate PCI compliance for those transactions. 

We strive to provide a safe environment for both buyers and sellers. Please review our Terms for items and services prohibited by Square.

Feel free to contact our Privacy Team with any questions or concerns regarding our policy.

Square, Inc. 
1455 Market Street 
Suite 600 
San Francisco, CA 94103

https://squareup.com

Email our Privacy Team
Learn more about:Security
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Square's Password Policy

View Article
Square's Information Collection Policies

View Article
Secure Data Encryption

View Article
Links to Other Web Sites

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
