HOME
TOPICS
PAYMENTS & SALES
Square's Transactions API FAQs

Article Contents

Getting Started
Sandbox Testing
Payments & Fees
Sales & Reporting
Best Practices
If you host your own website and are a developer or if you’re working with a developer, Square’s Transactions API is great option to streamline all your sales channels.

If you don’t have access to developer resources, Square’s App Marketplace offers a wide range of partner applications that work with Square. Build your website, manage your items across sales channels with ease.

Getting Started

How does the Transactions API work?

Square’s Transactions API is a payment solution that allows you to accept credit and debit card payments from your own website. Connect your website to Square with an eCommerce API application, and without ever leaving your website, customers can securely make online purchases. Payment processing is completed entirely through Square, so you’ll never need to handle sensitive payment card data. You can view your sales activity on your online Square dashboard, and deposits are sent to your linked bank account.

What cards are accepted with Square’s API?

You can use Square to accept payments from any cards with the Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, JCB, or UnionPay logos. You can also accept any gift card or prepaid card with the same logos mentioned above, as long as the amount of the charge does not exceed the balance on the card.

Every card has the same flat rate. Corporate, prepaid, gift cards, and rewards cards have no additional fees, and debit cards are run just like credit cards (you do not need to enter a PIN).

Can I accept Apple Pay on my eCommcerce website?

Yes! If you use Square’s Transactions API or Square Checkout, you can accept payments from your customers with Apple Pay.

What’s the difference between Square’s Transactions API, Square Checkout API and eCommerce partner solutions?

Checkout API: Square Checkout API lets merchants accept online payments for supported payment types using a checkout workflow hosted by Square, simplifying the process of accepting online payments. Once it’s time to collect the payment, buyers enter Square’s hosted checkout flow and return back to your website once the payment is complete.

Transactions API: Square’s Transactions API is a payment solution that allows you to accept credit and debit card payments from your own website. Customize your own payment form and checkout experience to accept payments with Square.

Square Integrations: With our partners – Wix, Weebly, Bigcommerce, Ecwid, WooCommerce, and more – you’re able to seamlessly integrate online payments with your Square account and process orders directly from your partner-hosted eCommerce website. No need to enlist help from a developer, simply connect your website to Square with a few clicks.

Is the Transactions API a good fit for my business?

If you’re a Square merchant and you are building a mobile checkout or hosting your own website, the API is a great option to streamline all your sales channels. We recommend working with a website developer to get set up. If you don’t have access to developer resources, we encourage you to visit Square’s App Marketplace. Our partners offer customizable templates and tools for managing your online business — with easy to follow steps for accepting payments with Square.

Can I see my item sales history and inventory in the online Dashboard for my API sales?

Support for itemizations is limited to Square Checkout. Items sold using Square’s Transactions API display as ‘Online Transaction’ in your online Dashboard, whereas sales using Square Checkout API enable you to view item-level sales and inventory sold online. Learn more about Square Checkout API.

How do I get started with Square’s Transactions API?

Visit the get started guide to learn how to set up your application and start accepting payments through your website.

How do I get started with Square Checkout API?

To get started with implementing Square Checkout into your site, visit our getting started guide.

Once you have fully implemented Square Checkout, all your payments appear in your transaction history in your online Dashboard. For easy identification, all transactions through Square Checkout are itemized and are labeled as “Online Transaction.”

For an overview of documentation regarding Square Checkout, take a look at our Square Checkout Overview article.

What is a personal access token?

This is a code your application uses to communicate with Square for processing payments. If you’re working with a trusted developer, you may want to share your personal access token to help create your API application. Keep in mind that your token is sensitive account information, similar to your Square account password. If you offer your developer your token, they will have access to make changes to your account information.

Can I accept payments with Square from my Squarespace website?

Although you are unable to link Square directly with your Squarespace website, Squarespace developers can embed Ecwid to accept payments with Square.

Read more about integrating with Ecwid.

Sandbox Testing

How do I uninstall an App?

Once you’ve connected an app to your Square account, you can manage connection settings online:

Visit Apps in your online Square Dashboard > click My Apps.
Locate the app you’d like to disconnect. Click the X and confirm you’d like to revoke access to your Square account.
Payments & Fees

What are the fees for Square’s API?

A fee of 2.9% +$0.30 is applied to payments processed through Square’s Transactions API.

What currency will sales be processed in?

Although you are able to accept international cards with Square’s Transactions API, all payments will be processed in US dollars.

Sales & Reporting

How do payments and reporting work?

Payments processed with Square’s payment processing APIs appear in your transaction history from your online Dashboard. For easy identification, payments are labeled as “Online Transaction.”

Refunds can be processed from the Square app, your Dashboard, or from a Refund API. Just like Square app, payments are sent to your linked bank account following your regular deposit schedule.

Note: At this time, support for itemization in your transaction history is limited to Square Checkout API.

Best Practices

What kind of best practices should I follow when using the Transactions API?

It’s important to take additional precautions with eCommerce orders to prevent fraud and disputes. Review a full list of best practices.
Learn more about:Payments APIs
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

What are Square's Fees?

View Article
WooCommerce and Square

View Article
Set Up and Edit Your Online Store

View Article
Fees and Payments FAQs

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
