HOME
TOPICS
ITEMS & DISCOUNTS
Create and Manage Discounts

Article Contents

Create and Manage Discounts with the Square App
Create and Manage Promo Codes for the Online Store
Promo Codes with Multiple Location Management
Create and edit discounts from your online Square Dashboard or from the Square app. After you’ve set up discounts, learn how to apply them at checkout.

Note: If you’d like to create a variable discount so you can enter the amount at checkout, leave the discount field blank.

Create and Manage Discounts with the Square App

Tap the three horizontal lines at the top-left corner and tap Items.
Tap Discounts > Create Discount or select a discount to modify.
Enter the discount details and tap Save.
Create and Manage Promo Codes for the Online Store

To create a promo code – a discount for online purchases – for your customers to add to their online orders:

Visit the Items section of your your online Square Dashboard > Discounts.
Click Create Discount to add a new discount or select an existing one to update.
Toggle on “Passcode Required” to restrict the ability to apply the discount to certain employees.
Toggle on “Make this discount available in your online store” to allow customers to apply a promo code to their order.
Enter the promo code details and click Save.
It’s important to note that discounts can’t be applied to individual items at this time.

Promo Codes with Multiple Location Management

Follow these steps to create promo codes as you use Square’s multiple location management features:

Go to Items in your online Square Dashboard and click an item in your library.
Under Inventory, choose a location and click Go.
Then follow steps 1-4 from the section above to complete your updates.
Learn more about:Dashboard
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Create and Manage Items with Square Point of Sale

View Article
Apply Discounts

View Article
Create and Manage Items Online

View Article
Create and Manage Item Modifiers

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
