HOME
TOPICS
ACCEPTED CARDS & FEES
What are Square's Fees?

Article Contents

Square’s Payment Processing Fees
Square’s Fees by Payment Type
Need-to-Know Facts About Square’s Payment Processing Fees
Custom Rates on Processing Fees
View Your Fees
Free Processing Credit and Reimbursement
Square’s Payment Processing Fees



Note: If you’re unable to download the Square app after updating your device’s operating system, your device may not be supported. Learn more about devices supported with Square.

New to Square? Join our free, two-part education series to learn everything you need to know
Part One:
Compare Square’s fees across payment types.
Choose the right hardware for your business.
Set up your account for success.
Create items to streamline sales and reports.
Part Two:
Accept payments using our hardware and software.
Issue full and itemized refunds.
Compare Square's deposit options.
Run reports for sales, fees, and deposits.
Register for Both Sessions
Square’s Fees by Payment Type

Square’s processing fees are deducted before funds are deposited to your linked bank account. Here are the payment types you can accept with Square and the associated fees:

Your fee will be 2.75% of the total transaction amount for any of the following payment types:

Swiped Magstripe Cards
Swiped or Inserted Chip Cards
Contactless (NFC) Payments
Prepaid Gift Cards
Point-of-Sale API Swiped or Inserted Payments
Keep in mind the Square Register has slightly different processing fees. Swiped magstripe cards, swiped or inserted chip cards, and contactless payments processed through the Square Register have a 2.5% + $0.10 fee.

Your fee will be 3.5% + 15¢ of the total transaction amount for any of the following payment types:

Card on File Transactions
Manually Keyed-In Card Payments
Point-of-Sale API Keyed-In Payments
Virtual Terminal Payments
The higher fee for manually entered transactions is due to a greater risk involved with these payments, as neither the payment card nor the cardholder have to be present for the payment to occur.

Seller Community: Ask questions, get answers, and read more about manually entered payment fees.
Your fee will be 2.9% + 30¢ of the total transaction amount for any of the following payment types:

Invoices
Online Store
Square eCommerce API
eCommerce Card on File payments
You won’t pay any fees for the following payment type:

Cash, Checks, and Other Tender
Need-to-Know Facts About Square’s Payment Processing Fees

No hidden fees! There are no fees for:

Activation
Downloading the Square Point of Sale app
Early termination
Interchange
Chargebacks
Refunds
Account inactivity
PCI compliance
Credit card fees are included in Square’s fees, so there are no charges from credit card companies.
Every card brand accepted has the same rate.
Payment processing fees are taken out of the total amount of each transaction, including tax and tip.
Square’s fees apply to all business types, including non-profit organizations.
Custom Rates on Processing Fees

If your annual sales exceed $250,000, get in touch with our sales team. We can help find the right transaction rate for you. Contact Sales.

View Your Fees

View your current processing rates at any time from your online Square Dashboard.

Note: If you have more than one location, you must first select a location to view its rates.

View Fees Paid Per Deposit

From the Square Point of Sale app:

Tap the three horizontal lines > tap Reports.
Tap Deposits > select a deposit.
Fees for the sales included in that deposit are listed under Fees.
From your online Square Dashboard:

Log in to Deposits in your online Square Dashboard.
Select a date range from the date selector tool in the upper-left corner.
Select a deposit from the list for an overview of the total fees paid.
To view fees associated with each transaction in your selected deposit date range, click Export directly under the date range button.
View Fees for a Period of Time

From the Square Point of Sale app:

Tap the three horizontal lines > tap Reports.
Tap Sales > tap the settings icon in the upper-right corner.
Tap Custom and select a date range > tap Apply.
From your online Square Dashboard:

From the Sales section of your online Square Dashboard, click Reports.
Click Sales Summary > select a date range from the date selector tool in the upper-left corner..
Fees paid for this period of time will be displayed in the Fees row of the report.
View Fees for a Single Payment

From the Sales section of your online Square Dashboard, click Transactions.
Select a date range from the date selector tool in the upper-left corner.
Select a transaction. The fee paid for the transaction will be listed below the transaction details.
Free Processing Credit and Reimbursement

When you invite friends to join Square, you both benefit from reimbursed card processing fees. For each person who activates their account through your referral link, you’ll receive reimbursements on processing fees up to $1,000 in sales over the next 180 days (6 months). Upon activation, your friends will also receive free processing fees on up to $1,000 in transactions.

Learn more about inviting friends and tracking fee reimbursements with Square’s free processing program.
Learn more about:Payment Processing
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Your Deposit Options with Square

View Article
Accepted Cards

View Article
Manually Key In Card Payments Without the Square Reader

View Article
Swipe Card Payments with the Square Reader

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
