HOME
TOPICS
ITEMS & DISCOUNTS
Create and Manage Items Online

Article Contents

Create Items Online
Create Item Categories Online
Delete Items Online
Learn how to create, edit, and import items from the Square Dashboard. You can also use Square to track your inventory.

If you’re using Square for Retail, creating items is your first step towards a simplified (yet robust) inventory management system.

New to Square? Join our free, two-part education series to learn everything you need to know
Part One:
Compare Square’s fees across payment types.
Choose the right hardware for your business.
Set up your account for success.
Create items to streamline sales and reports.
Part Two:
Accept payments using our hardware and software.
Issue full and itemized refunds.
Compare Square's deposit options.
Run reports for sales, fees, and deposits.
Register for Both Sessions
Create Items Online

Visit Items from your online Square Dashboard and click Create Item at the top-right corner.
Note: All item creation and editing will display in a fullscreen window. To return to your Items, please select the X in the top left hand corner.
Fill in the item information.


If you’re adding an item image, we recommend the following image specs:

High resolution
PNG or JPG file format
Dimensions that are square
A size of 720x720 pixels
Fill in the variation information. If your item has a bar code, add the SKU or UPC in the SKU field.

Add single variations:

Add multiple variations:


You can add variations to an item by clicking Add Variations in the single variation view and Add / Remove Variations in the multi-variation view. This will open up the screen below allowing you to quickly add a new variation name, price, and SKU.


To edit the properties of a single variation, click on the variation row to open up variation editor.


Note on employee permissions: Employees are only able to edit variation prices at the locations where they have access. If the employee does not have access to a specific location, they are unable to update variation prices at that location.
Once you complete editing properties for the item, click Save.
Note: If you are creating multiple items, you are able to upload your items in bulk using Square’s Import Tool.

Seller Community: Ask questions, get answers, and hear how other Square sellers are managing their item library.
Create Item Categories Online

Categories simplify your item library and sales reports.

Log in to Categories from your online Square Dashboard.
Click Create Category.
Name your category (i.e. Drinks, Food, Jewelry).
Click Assign Items and check the box next to each item you wish to include.
Delete Items Online

Log in to Items from your online Square Dashboard.
Click on the item you wish to delete.
Click the **Delete ** button in the upper right hand corner of the page.
Click Delete Item to confirm the change.
Learn more about:Retail Point of Sale
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Create and Manage Items with Square Point of Sale

View Article
Apply Discounts

View Article
Create and Manage Item Modifiers

View Article
Item Variants or Price Points

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
