HOME
TOPICS
ITEMS & DISCOUNTS
Create and Manage Item Modifiers

Article Contents

Create Item Modifiers Online
Create Item Modifiers from the Square App
Delete Modifier Sets
Rearrange Modifiers
If you need customisable options – toppings, add-ons, or special requests –  create item modifiers. Modifiers that are applied to items will display on your customers’ digital receipts, from Transactions in your online Dashboard and in the Item Details report. 

Unlike price points used for sizes, colors or SKUs, item modifiers don’t decrease inventory counts if inventory management is turned on.

Create Item Modifiers Online

From Items in your online Square Dashboard,  click Modifiers > Create Modifier Set.
Enter the modifier information  > click Save.
From Item Library, you’ll see your modifier sets when creating and editing items. Tick the box next to the modifier set to apply it to an item.

Create Item Modifiers from the Square App

Tap: 
Tap Items > Modifiers > Create Modifier Set.
Enter a name for the modifier set > select the items you’d like to apply it to.
Toggle on Customer must only select one option to limit modifier selection at the time of sale. Leave this setting toggled off to allow multiple modifiers to be chosen.
Enter the modifier options and their price points.
Tap Save.
Delete Modifier Sets

From your online Dashboard:

Visit Modifiers in your Square Dashboard, click the modifier set you’d like to delete.
To delete the entire set, click the rubbish bin icon at the bottom of the screen > Delete Modifier.
To delete an option in the modifier set, click the X icon to the right of the option.
From the Square app:

Tap the three horizontal lines in the top-left corner > Items.
Tap Modifiers > select the modifier set to be deleted.
Tap Delete Modifier Set.
Rearrange Modifiers

You can customize the order of modifiers and modifier sets from the Square app on an iPad. Once you’ve customized your modifiers with an iPad, your settings will sync across all devices.

Tap .
Tap Items > Modifiers.
Tap and hold the three horizontal lines next to the modifier or modifier set you’d like to rearrange.
Drag the modifier or modifier set to its desired place in the list.
Note: You can’t rearrange modifiers or modifier sets from an Android device, but it’s something we’re working on.
Learn more about:Retail Point of Sale
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Create and Manage Items with Square Point of Sale

View Article
Apply Discounts

View Article
Create and Manage Items Online

View Article
Item Variants or Price Points

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
