HOME
TOPICS
HARDWARE
Square Hardware Limited Warranty and Returns

Article Contents

Technical Issues with Square Hardware
Replacement Hardware for Square Stand and Register
Square Stand Limited Warranty
Square Register Limited Warranty
Return Hardware Purchased from Square
Any piece of Square Hardware can be returned directly to the original point of purchase, whether that be the Square Online Store or a physical retailer. Square Stand and all Square Readers are also covered by a limited one-year manufacturer’s warranty. The Square Register is covered by a limited two-year warranty.

Technical Issues with Square Hardware

If you’re having trouble with your stand, please visit the following Support Center articles to troubleshoot:

Square Stand Setup
Troubleshoot Square Stand
For help with the Square Register, visit these Support Center articles for help:

Square Register Setup
Square Register Troubleshooting
Square Register FAQ
Replacement Hardware for Square Stand and Register

If you need a power adaptor and accessories hub for your Square Stand, you can order a replacement Accessories Kit. To request replacement tools for lost items in your Toolkit, write in here.

If you need a new mounting kit for your Square Register, you can order a replacement kit.

To request other replacement accessories for your Square Register, write in here.

Square Stand Limited Warranty

Square Stand is covered by a limited one year warranty.

We want to make sure you’re back to business as quickly as possible. If you’ve already attempted troubleshooting common problems and you’re still having issues with your Square Stand, please follow these steps:

Complete the warranty claim process.
We’ll ship you a replacement hardware unit, with any accompanying accessories. The replacement hardware should arrive in 5-7 days.
Send us your old hardware within 14 days of receiving your new unit. Use the same box that your replacement unit arrived in and apply the FedEx label we’ve provided via email. Square will pay for shipping both ways.
Important: Be sure to return your old Square Stand within 14 days of receiving your new unit. Otherwise, we’ll assume you want to keep both units and charge the cost of the new hardware to your credit card on file.

Square Register Limited Warranty

The Square Register is covered by a limited two-year warranty. As always, we want to make sure you can get back to business as soon as possible, check out our troubleshooting article for some tips. Contact our Support Team to start the warranty process. When your warranty claim is submitted, we will overnight your new Register to you.

Return Hardware Purchased from Square

Square offers a 30-day, risk-free return policy on all hardware purchased from Square Shop. To return your hardware:

Locate your Order ID number on your original order confirmation email.
Complete the return form.
Include all cords, the original packaging, and the original packing slip with your return.
Upon receiving your return, Square will refund your payment card after confirming that all hardware is included. Refunds will be issued to the original purchasing card within five to seven business days.
Note: If you purchased your Square Register using Square Installments, you’ll need to return your entire order (including any accessories you may have purchased).

Square products purchased through third-party retailers must be returned in accordance with the respective return and refund policy of the retailer.
Learn more about:Square Hardware
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Square Chip Card Reader Tips and Troubleshooting

View Article
Connect Recommended Hardware to Square Stand

View Article
Get a Free Square Magstripe Reader

View Article
Square Stand Troubleshooting

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
