HOME
TOPICS
GET STARTED
Create Multiple Square Point of Sale Accounts
If you have multiple businesses or need individual separate accounts, you have the ability to create multiple accounts and use the same mobile device, reader, and bank account. You can only link one bank account per Square account, but individual Square accounts can share a bank account if needed.

Note: You’ll only need one account to manage a single business with several locations. Learn how to create a single account with multiple locations.

Learn how to link or edit your bank account.

To get started creating multiple accounts, sign out of the Square app on your device, and either sign back in with a different account you’ve already created, or choose the option to create a new account. To sign up for a new account, you’ll need to provide a unique email address and specify the country where you plan to process credit cards. 

You’ll then be prompted to go through the activation flow with this new email address. Even if you’re setting up a business account, we’ll need to verify your personal identity as the account holder.

If you have employees, you can use Square’s Employee Management feature to invite them to take payments on your behalf, rather than creating individual accounts.

To process payments between multiple Square accounts on the same device, be sure to double-check which account you are signed in to prior to processing payments. We’re unable to transfer money between accounts.

If you have multiple locations, you can also sign in to multiple devices using device codes, without creating multiple Square accounts. Learn more about multi-location management and device codes.
Learn more about:Multi-Location Management
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Devices Compatible with the Square Magstripe and Chip Card Readers

View Article
Sign Up for Square Point of Sale

View Article
Square Account FAQs

View Article
Download the Square App

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
