HOME
TOPICS
TROUBLESHOOTING
Square Dashboard Troubleshooting

Article Contents

Common Browser Issues
Browser Troubleshooting
Enable Cookies
Common Browser Issues

If you have trouble with your online Square Dashboard, you may be experiencing an issue with your Internet browser. Common issues include:

Trouble logging in to your account using correct login information
Trouble updating your online Square Dashboard (including trouble uploading your logo and profile images) 
Outdated information or information not displaying correctly
Seeing a blank dashboard 
Browser Troubleshooting

For browser issues, try the following troubleshooting tips:

Make sure that your browser is up to date. Here are instructions for how to do so for our supported desktop browsers: Chrome, Edge, Firefox and Safari.
Clear the cache on your browser. Instructions for clearing your cache will vary depending on your browser. Accessing the Help menu on your browser should allow you to locate step-by-step instructions.
Switch to a different browser: Chrome, Safari, Edge or Firefox. Double check that you are running the most up to date version of these browsers.
Please note: Internet Explorer is not supported by Square Dashboard.

Enable Cookies

Square’s login page requires that your browser have cookies enabled. To make sure cookies are enabled in your browser, click the link below corresponding to your browser type and follow the instructions listed on the page to enable cookies. Once this is done, navigate back to your online Square Dashboard to return to Square’s login page and try signing in again.

Here’s how to enable cookies for some of the most popular web browsers:

Google Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Edge
Learn more about:Point of Sale
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Square’s Information Collection Policies

View Article
Square Point of Sale App Troubleshooting

View Article
Sign Up Troubleshooting

View Article
Set Up and Edit Your Online Store

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
