HOME
TOPICS
ITEMS & DISCOUNTS
Item Variants or Price Points

Article Contents

Add Item Price Points in the Square Point of Sale App
Add Item Price Points Online
Price points offer quick access to item variants, such as sizes, colors, or SKUs. When processing a sale, item variants will display as options in the Square Point of Sale app and on your online store.

Unlike item modifiers, which are usually used for food (toppings, add ons, or special requests) – variants or price points, will reduce your inventory count if you’ve enabled inventory management. Item modifiers won’t reduce inventory.

Add Item Price Points in the Square Point of Sale App

From an iOS device:

Tap the list icon on the bottom navigation bar to access your item library. 
Tap Edit and then tap the + icon at the top of the page to add a new item. If you want to add price points to an existing item, tap the item in question.
Tap the arrow in the Price field to add additional price points.


Tap the back arrow and then tap Save.
From an Android device:

Tap the three horizontal lines in the top-left corner and tap Items.
Tap All Items > Create Item or tap an existing item you’d like to modify.
Tap Add New Price Point to enter details. 
Tap the back arrow and tap Save.
Note: If you leave the price blank, you’ll create a variable price point, which will prompt you to enter an amount at the time of sale.

Add Item Price Points Online

Visit Items in your online dashboard and click Create Item or select an item from the list.
Add additional price points by entering a name, price, and SKU. If Inventory is enabled, you can add an In Stock quantity for each variation.
Click Save.
Learn more about:Dashboard
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Customize Modifiers for Order Entry

View Article
Apply Discounts

View Article
Create and Manage Items Online

View Article
Basic Inventory Management

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
