HOME
TOPICS
CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT
Get Started with Square Marketing

Article Contents

Square Marketing Pricing
Create an Email Marketing Campaign
Share Promotions via Digital Receipts
Managing Your Reachable Customers
Square Marketing helps you connect with your customers with customized email promotions and announcements about your business. Campaigns can be sent to your Reachable Customers, which are the people in your directory that you can contact by email. This list combines customers you may have imported or added that have email addresses, profiles created via Email Collection Tools, and customers Square has added based on their engagement with your business.

Square Marketing is part of our full suite of Customer Engagement features.

Square Marketing Pricing

Square Marketing subscriptions are based on the number of reachable customers in your Customer Directory. Learn more about Square Marketing pricing.

Create an Email Marketing Campaign

Visit Marketing in your online Square Dashboard.
Click Get Started.
Select your campaign.
Customize the email template to fit your marketing goal. If you’re sending a reward, be sure to include an offer amount and expiration date. 
Note: Rewards can’t be used with your online store.
If your business has Multiple Locations, select where you would like the Reward to be redeemed. 
Note: Rewards can’t be used at all locations.
Select your recipients by adding your preferred customer group(s). Learn more about your customer directory and Smart Groups.
Select your campaign payment method: pay-as-you-go or the monthly unlimited subscription called Square Marketing.
Review your campaign > click Schedule or Send Now.
If you’re subscribed to Square Marketing, you have access to unlimited monthly emails at no additional cost and will skip the payment entry window.

When a customer receives your marketing email and is ready to make a purchase, you can apply their reward at checkout. Each code is unique and cannot be used more than once. Learn more applying rewards at checkout.

Reminder Emails

When creating a blast campaign with Square Marketing, the option to send a reminder email to recipients who haven’t opened your message is enabled by default. If you don’t wish to send reminder emails, this setting can be turned from the Review & Send step of the campaign creation process.

Reminder emails are sent 5 days after the original delivery date. Campaigns with coupons or discounts are also resent to those who haven’t opened your message 7 days before the coupon is set to expire. By default, a coupon expires 2 months after the campaign is sent, unless you’ve set it to expire on a different date.

Note: Reminder emails can’t be disabled once the campaign has been sent.

Schedule Marketing Campaigns

With the Campaign Scheduler you can draft your marketing campaigns way ahead of time, so that they’ll be sent automatically right when they’re needed most. Click Schedule at the end of the campaign preparation flow to assign a date and time for your next promotion.

Schedule Recurring Marketing Campaigns

Set up recurring blast campaigns to automatically send weekly or monthly coupons, reminders, and invitations.

Visit Marketing in your online Square Dashboard > click Create Campaign.
Select a blast campaign, create a custom design, and select your audience.
From the Review & Send screen, click Schedule in the upper-right corner.
Set when you’d like to start sending the campaign > enable Repeat this campaign option.
Select if you’d like this recurring campaign on indefinitely, sent a specific number of times, or have it send for one last time on a specific date.


Note: Recurring campaigns can’t be used with seasonal themes.

Share Promotions via Digital Receipts

When creating a coupon or discount campaign with Square Marketing, you have the option to include the promotion on your digital receipts. This way, customers who aren’t subscribed to your mailing list can take advantage of the promotion.

To include your coupon in your digital receipts:

Click Create Campaign from the Marketing tab of your online Square Dashboard.
Select Offer a coupon or discount > Continue.
Customize your campaign’s theme, edit coupon details, and add content from the bottom of the editor tool.
From the Audience step, select an email audience and check Share on your receipts.
Finish reviewing your campaign > Schedule or Send Now.
Managing Your Reachable Customers

To manage the number of reachable customers in your directory, you can do the following:

Visit your Customer Directory and first fix any duplicate contacts that may exist by clicking Resolve Duplicates.
Configure the Reachable definition to customers who visit either once, or twice, within a 12-month period. To do this, click “Reachable” group in the left navigation, then Action > Edit.
Review your directory for any old, empty or unused customer records, and delete them.
Learn more about:Email Marketing
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Using Automated Campaigns

View Article
Manage Your Customer Directory from the Square App

View Article
Customer Engagement for Multiple Location Businesses

View Article
Get Started with Customer Engagement

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
