HOME
TOPICS
SALES HISTORY & REPORTS
In-App Summaries and Reports

Article Contents

View Your Sales History from the App
Create Sales Reports with the App     
Confirm and review your sales history directly from the Square app. 

View Your Sales History from the App

Tap: 
Tap Transactions.
Tap individual payments to view transaction details. 
If the customer paid with a payment card, you’ll see the following:

Payment card brand and last 4 digits
Receipt number
Date of the payment
Tax
Item(s) sold
Notes
You can also search for individual transactions in your sales history by doing any of the following:

Enter the payment card number 
Enter the receipt ID (located at the bottom of the receipt)
Swipe or insert the payment card
Note: Currently, you can’t delete transactions from your payment history, but you can issue refunds.

Create Sales Reports with the App     

From the Square app on an iPad or Android device, you can generate and share sales reports.

Tap: 
Tap Reports > Sales Summary to see today’s payment activity or tap Select Time Frame if payments weren’t taken today.
To adjust the date of your report, tap the calendar icon in the navigation bar.
On an iPad, tap Custom.
From all devices, select a start and end date. 
Tap Apply.
On an iPad, you can tap a specific category (if using categories) to see a breakdown of items sold.

To send a sales report, tap the envelope icon at the top-right corner. If you’re connected to a receipt printer and would like to print your report, tap the printer icon.

Note: At this time, reports aren’t available on an iPhone or iPod touch, but you can always visit your online Square Dashboard to generate reports. 
Learn more about:Dashboard
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Transaction Status Report

View Article
Reporting and Analytics for Your Gift Cards

View Article
Advanced Reporting

View Article
Reporting and Analytics with Multiple Employees and Locations

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
