HOME
TOPICS
BANK & DEPOSITS
Bank Account FAQs
Accepting payments is the core of running your business with Square, so it’s imperative to Square that we get you your money quickly. Below are the most common questions from merchants when linking or editing their bank account with Square. Please review the information below if you’re having trouble linking or editing your bank account.

New to Square? Join our free, two-part education series to learn everything you need to know
Part One:
Compare Square’s fees across payment types.
Choose the right hardware for your business.
Set up your account for success.
Create items to streamline sales and reports.
Part Two:
Accept payments using our hardware and software.
Issue full and itemized refunds.
Compare Square's deposit options.
Run reports for sales, fees, and deposits.
Register for Both Sessions
How do I see which bank account I have linked to Square?

View your linked bank account from your online Square Dashboard. We’ll also send you an email confirming any deposits with the last three digits of the account we deposited to.

How do I edit my bank account? 

Editing your bank account is easy from your online dashboard. Learn more about updating your linked bank account. 

Can I accept payments with Square before I have a linked bank account?

Yes! You’ll be able to accept payments through your Square account while you’re waiting for your bank account to verify. Any payments you accept during this time will remain in your Square balance until your bank account is linked. Once the verification process is complete, Square will send all funds in your Square balance to your bank account within 36 hours.

What if I’m updating my linked bank account?

We’ll continue to send deposits to your currently linked account until your new bank account is verified. If you’d like to unlink your current bank account, contact us. This will allow your deposits to remain in your Square balance until your new account is verified.

Can I link a prepaid bank account to Square?

No, Square requires a transactional bank account that allows for deposits and withdrawals (in case of refunds or chargebacks). Prepaid cards or online-only accounts, like PayPal, aren’t supported.

Can I link my Square POS account to my Cash App to receive deposits?

Using your Cash App Account and Routing number you have the ability to receive deposits directly from your Square POS account into your Cash App.

Please note: This is only available for standard deposits (not instant deposits).

What is Square’s bank linking process?

You can choose to link a transactional bank account to your Square account during account creation or at a later time from your online Square Dashboard. Once you provide Square with your bank information, we’ll verify that we can communicate with the account by sending and then debiting a small amount to and from your account (resulting in no difference to your balance). Be sure you have at least $1.00 in your bank account before attempting to link it to Square to ensure verification goes smoothly. Learn more about linking your bank account.

How long will it take to receive my first deposit? 

The bank account linking and verification process usually takes 2 business days but can take up to 5 business days. After your account is fully verified, we’ll send deposits according to your deposit schedule. Learn how to check your bank verification status. 

What are Square’s deposit schedule options?

With Square’s standard deposit schedule, card payments are usually deposited to your bank account within 36 hours of the transaction. If you’ve set a custom close of day time, deposits could be sent 1-2 business days from the time of the transaction. Learn about your deposit schedule options.

Why don’t I see a recent deposit in my bank account? 

If your bank account is linked and completely verified, you should see deposits in your bank account within 1-2 business days depending on your close of day schedule. Check your online dashboard to see if we’ve sent your deposit or read more about missing deposits. 

Why did my bank verification fail and what should I do about it? 

Bank verification can fail for a number of reasons: if your bank account is non-transactional and we can’t deposit and debit from it, if you have insufficient funds in your bank account when we try to verify the account, or if there was a typo entered when you input your bank information. Your bank may also require an ACH number from Square. If your bank failed due to any of the reasons above, learn how to fix a failed bank verification. 

How do I link different bank accounts to each of my business locations?

You’ll need to visit Locations in your online Square Dashboard. From here, select a location. Under Bank Information, click Add a New Bank Account and enter the requested information. Make sure to click Save. 
Learn more about:Square
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Get Started with Cash App Direct Deposit

View Article
Deposits to a Closed Bank Account

View Article
Your Deposit Options with Square

View Article
Link and Edit Your Bank Account

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
