HOME
TOPICS
CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT
Get Started with Customer Engagement

Article Contents

Free Customer Engagement Features
Square Marketing Features
Square Loyalty Features
Customer engagement tools are available to all Square merchants. We also offer a set of advanced tools at a monthly rate with Square Marketing and Square Loyalty. Watch the video below to learn more about Square’s Customer Engagement:


Free Customer Engagement Features

All Square merchants have access to the following tools:

Feedback: Private messaging with customers
Customer Directory: Create, import, and manage customer profiles. Save credit cards on file, view Loyalty activity, view and respond to Feedback from customers, and create groups to keep your customer profiles organized.
Email Collection Tools: Grow your marketing audience with tools that let customers sign up for your mailing list.
Customer Insights: Statistics on customer satisfaction, new vs. returning customers, and customer visit frequency
Feedback: Send your customers in-message coupons
Premium Profiles: Customer profiles that include a full activity list with transaction history, average purchase size, details and statistics.
Square Marketing Features

A Square Marketing subscription starts at $15 a month. With Square Marketing, you can engage your customers via email and social media. To send email campaigns to smaller audiences, or on an occasional basis, you may opt to pay-as-you-go for 10¢ per email sent.

Email Marketing: Send unlimited marketing emails with customizable templates.
Automated Email Campaigns: After a one-time setup, automatically send your customers a welcome email, a coupon on their birthday, or reminders to come back in.
Target your customers with automatic smart groups, so that the right people get the right message to maximize your sales
View your results and sales: See in-depth reporting for every single campaign.
Add Facebook to your Campaigns: Link your Facebook account to share your campaign on social pages as well. You can even boost your posts right from Square Marketing.
Shareable Promotions: Share rewards via Facebook with your customers and fans, letting them spread the word.
Celebrate Birthdays: Collect customer birthdays, and send automatic coupons to delight them on their special day.
Request Customer Feedback on Facebook: Email your customers and ask for reviews, then build up your reputation online via word of mouth.
Learn more about Square Marketing pricing.

Note: Square Marketing subscription pricing is based on the number of reachable contacts stored in your Customer Directory. If you use Square Appointments, your client list will be automatically merged with your Customer Directory, which may cause your subscription pricing to increase.

Square Loyalty Features

Square Loyalty keeps your customers coming back again and again with quick, simple digital rewards. A Square Loyalty subscription includes the following features:

A Digital Rewards Program: That your customers can sign up for right when they make a purchase.
Simple Ways to Earn Rewards: Your customers can earn stars and rewards for every single purchase, even when they pay with cash.
Flexible Rewards: Reward your customers with complimentary items or discounts.
Incentivize Repeat Visits: Watch your business grow as your best customers come back again and again.
Details are in One Place: Customer loyalty details are stored right in your Customer Directory.
Administrative Tools: Tools allow you to manage employee access to view or edit Loyalty details in your Customer Directory from your online Square Dashboard or right from the Square app.
Loyalty Insights: See who’s using your Loyalty program and the impact on your bottom line
A digital punch card program that your customers can sign up right when they make a purchase.
Learn more about:Customer Engagement
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Get Started With Email Collection Tools

View Article
Get Started with Square Marketing

View Article
Create a Loyalty Program with Square

View Article
Get Started with Square Loyalty

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
