HOME
TOPICS
MERCHANT PROTECTION
Recognize and Report Phishing Scams
If you receive a suspicious email regarding Square, forward it to spoof@squareup.com to report the incident. Please do not include any other information in the email you forward. The appropriate team will investigate and take action if needed.

What is Phishing?

Phishing is an attempt by a fraudulent actor to collect personal and/or financial information over email, phone or text message. These fraudulent actors typically acquire this information by verbally requesting it over the phone or by sending unsolicited emails or texts messages that direct recipients to enter personal information into fake websites posing as real ones.

Learn more about protecting yourself from phishing scams on Square’s blog.

Protect Sensitive Information

Keep in mind that Square will never ask you to send sensitive information such as your username, password, full social security number, bank account details or credit card information over email, phone or text message.

If you receive a suspicious email, don’t reply to the message, give out any personal or account information, click on any links, or open any attachments. If you believe that you have fallen victim to a phishing scam, please change your email and Square account passwords immediately and report the incident.

Verify the URL

It is common for phishing emails to contain links that direct recipients to a non-secure page where you may be prompted to enter your username and password (and sometimes additional sensitive information such as your Social Security Number). Always be sure that you’re on a secure site before entering your Square login information. To do so, check that the web address in your browser is https://squareup.com/login and that the locked Square, Inc. icon has populated next to this web address.



Learn more about:Security
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Square Chargeback Protection

View Article
How Do I Report Unauthorized Account Activity?

View Article
Best Practices for Accepting Card Payments

View Article
Payment Disputes Walkthrough

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
