HOME
TOPICS
Manage Multiple Locations with Square

Article Contents

Create and Edit Locations
Multi-location Item Management
Square has tools for businesses of all sizes. Learn more about Square’s free multi-location management features, including linked locations and deposit options, per-location item libraries, device management for security, and premium multi-location reports. You can also subscribe for additional employee logins as needed.

Create and Edit Locations

If your business has multiple locations, you can manage everything right from your online Square Dashboard. You can create unique business profiles for each location with specific business hours and individual bank accounts or tags to differentiate deposits. You can also manage devices by location with Device Codes.

When viewing your online Square Dashboard, you’ll notice an orange or black bar at the top of some pages, this is to alert you that you are viewing location specific information.

Note: There is a 75-location limit per master account.

Note: The Create Location action cannot be undone. Once a location has been created, it can’t be deleted and will remain visible even if it’s been deactivated.

Create Locations

To create additional locations, visit Locations in your online Square Dashboard and click Create Location. Once you add a new location, you cannot delete locations, but you can deactivate a location at any time. Inactive accounts will still be visible and can be reactivated at any time.

Add the following information about each location:

Address
Business hours
Bank account or deposit tag (to differentiate deposits by location)
Contact information
Item library (if you want to match the item library from another location)
Edit Location Information

You can edit locations at any time from Locations in your online Square Dashboard. Just select the location, edit the information, and click Save.

Add Deposit Tags

Deposit tags help identify deposits to the same bank account from separate business locations. You can add a deposit tag for each location to quickly see which location is responsible for each deposit.

Multi-location Item Management

Manage your items by location from your administrator account. Items and item settings, including modifiers, discounts, and taxes, can all be assigned to specific locations.

Assign Items to Specific Locations

From the Items section of your online Square Dashboard, click Create Item or click an existing item.
Select applicable locations and save your changes.
If you add an item to a new location, check the current item settings (modifier set, discounts, and taxes).
Assign Price Points per Location

Create a new item or click on a current item.
Under the item variation, click the blue drop-down arrow next to the item price.
Adjust the price for each location.
Click Done.
Learn more about:Multi-Location Management
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
