HOME
TOPICS
Manage Devices by Location

Article Contents

Create Device Codes
Reset or Deactivate a Device Code
With Employee Management, multiple employees can log in to the Square app from a single device (without having to enter an email address or password) using Device Codes. Device Codes can also pair a phone or tablet to a specific location, allowing for device-level reporting. Devices Codes cannot be used to access your online Square Dashboard or account settings.

When you create a Device Code for the first time, you’ll be asked to assign the device to a specific location. You can create and edit locations anytime from your online Square Dashboard.

Create Device Codes

From Account & Settings in your online Square Dashboard, click Devices.
Click Create Device.
Enter a Nickname and click Create to generate your code.
Choose to send your code via email or phone number and tap Send.
Open the Square app on your mobile device and tap Sign In.
Tap “Use a Device Code” and enter the code.
The device status in your dashboard should say Active.

If you have employees, they can clock in with their employee passcode and will have access based on their employee permission group. 

Note: If not used within 48 hours, a device code will expire and you’ll need to reset it to sign in to the Square app.

Reset or Deactivate a Device Code

If your device is misplaced or stolen, you can reset your device code from Devices in your online Square Dashboard. To do so:

Click the device to reset or deactivate.
Click Reset Device Login or Deactivate and confirm your request.
If you reset, you’ll be given a new device code.
For basic device code troubleshooting, update your device’s software and update the Square app.
Learn more about:Multi-Location Management
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Get Started with Employee Management

View Article
Sign In and Out of Square Point of Sale

View Article
Create Multiple Square Point Of Sale Accounts

View Article
Manage Passcode Access

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
