HOME
TOPICS
SALES HISTORY & REPORTS
Reporting and Analytics with Multiple Employees and Locations

Article Contents

Sales Reporting by Location
Track Sales by Employee
Square’s advanced reporting features provide powerful insights that grow with your business across multiple locations, employees, and devices. You can track your sales, celebrate your top performers, and keep your finger on the pulse of your growing business.

Sales Reporting by Location

With Square, you can view the key metrics of your entire business, across locations. These reports keep your sales data organized and manageable. Multi-location reporting provides the following for each of your locations:

Sales Summary
Sales Trends
Payment Methods
Item Sales
Category Sales
Mobile Staff Sales
Employee Sales
Discounts
Modifier Sales
Taxes
Gift Cards
Review sales reports by location:

Visit Sales in your online Square Dashboard.
Click Sales Summary or Transactions > click the locations selector.
Select a location.
Learn more about the information available in your reports and building custom reports to meet your business needs.

Track Sales by Employee

Enabling Employee Permissions allows you to track sales by employees using their Register Passcode. 
  
To view your Employee Sales report:

Log in to your Master account.
Visit the Employee Sales report under Reports > view all transactions by employee.
Visit the Mobile Staff Sales report to see payments accepted by Mobile Staff employees.

Note: Exporting transaction reports by employee is not yet available.

Learn more about Square’s advanced reporting options.
Learn more about:Multi-Location Management
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Transaction Status Report

View Article
Advanced Reporting

View Article
Summaries and Reports from the Online Dashboard

View Article
Creating Custom Reports in the Online Dashboard

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
