HOME
TOPICS
SALES HISTORY & REPORTS
The Square Dashboard App FAQs
I have multiple locations or accounts under my master Square account. Can I use the Square Dashboard app?

Yes, your primary Square account is accessible from the Square Dashboard app. Be sure to sign in with the email address and password associated with your master account. Tap the location pin icon at the top-right to view sales data for a specific location. Learn how to manage multiple locations with Square.

Which supported devices are compatible with the Square Dashboard app?

The Square Dashboard app is currently only available for iPhones, but we’re working to make the app available for iPads and Android devices soon – stay tuned for updates!

Looking at my Sales Comparison, what’s the difference between the 52 weeks and 1 year comparison charts?

The 52 weeks comparison chart will show you data from the same day of the week last year. The 1 year comparison chart will show you sales data from the same date last year. Learn more about summaries and reports from the Online Square Dashboard.

Looking at my sales from last week/year, I’m down a significant percentage today. What’s the cause of the discrepancy? 

If your sales data looks off today compared to last week or year, it’s likely that today’s sales aren’t finished. Sales data and percentages in the app are in real-time. For example, let’s say it’s 4 PM right now and you’ve had 100 sales so far. By 4 PM a week ago, you had 80 sales, but 120 sales total for the entire day. Currently, the app would show 100 sales today versus 120 for last week, with a +25% week-over-week change. We realize these numbers might be confusing if your sales day hasn’t yet ended  – we’re constantly adding new features to the app, so hold tight for improvements.

Can I send invoices using the Dashboard app?

Invoices are not currently available from the Dashboard app. To send an invoice, log on to your online Square Dashboard.
Learn more about:Dashboard
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

In-App Summaries and Reports

View Article
Transaction Status Report

View Article
Reporting and Analytics for Your Gift Cards

View Article
Advanced Reporting

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
