HOME
TOPICS
GET STARTED
Set Up the Square Reader for Contactless and Chip

Article Contents

1. Check the Battery of Your Square Reader
2. Charge Your Square Reader
3. Wirelessly Connect Your Square Reader
Square Stand and the Square Reader for Contactless and Chip
Before setting up your Square Reader for Contactless and Chip, make sure you have a compatible device with the latest version of the Square app.

New to Square? Join our free, two-part education series to learn everything you need to know
Part One:
Compare Square’s fees across payment types.
Choose the right hardware for your business.
Set up your account for success.
Create items to streamline sales and reports.
Part Two:
Accept payments using our hardware and software.
Issue full and itemized refunds.
Compare Square's deposit options.
Run reports for sales, fees, and deposits.
Register for Both Sessions


For a full overview on setting up your reader, watch this video:


 

1. Check the Battery of Your Square Reader

For an accurate battery reading, unplug your reader from any power source. 

Firmly press and release the button on the reader. Green lights indicate that you’re charged and ready to go. If you see a single red light, charge up immediately. Once your reader is on, you don’t need to worry about turning it off. It’ll automatically go into sleep mode after 2 hours of inactivity. To wake it up from sleep mode, firmly press the button on the side of the reader. 

2. Charge Your Square Reader

Connect one end of the accompanying USB cable to your reader and the other end to a USB port like a cell phone charger, computer, or car charger. 

It will take around 2 hours for a reader with low battery to charge completely. 

Note: You can also use the Dock for Square Reader to charge and accept payments. 

3. Wirelessly Connect Your Square Reader

The new reader connects wirelessly with Bluetooth Low Energy (Bluetooth LE). Be sure you have the latest version of the Square app for your device–only the latest version supports the contactless and chip card reader.

Watch this video to learn how to wirelessly connect your reader:


You’ll need to connect through both your device’s Bluetooth settings and through the Square app.

To connect your reader:

Press and release the button on your reader to turn it on.
Go to your device settings and make sure Bluetooth is turned on.
Open the Square app and tap: or the down arrow at the top of the Square Register: 
Tap Settings > Card Readers > “Connect a Reader.” On an iOS device, tap “Contactless + Chip Reader.”
Put your reader into pairing mode by pressing the reader’s button for 3-10 seconds.
Remove your finger as soon as you see orange flashing lights. If you see red flashing lights, you’ve held the button too long and you’ll need to try again
When connected, the reader will be listed as Ready in-app.

Any necessary firmware updates will be automatically installed once the reader has been connected.

Note: The wireless connection can be lost if the reader and device are more than 10ft apart.

Now that you’re set up, learn more about accepting chip card and contactless payments.

Square Stand and the Square Reader for Contactless and Chip

If you’re using a Square Stand with the reader, set up is simple. Just plug the included USB cable (or optional Dock for Square Reader) to the USB hardware hub on the Square Stand.

You can also connect your reader wirelessly if there are no free USB ports on your stand’s hardware hub. 

Note: The iPad 2 doesn’t wirelessly connect with the reader and requires a Square Stand to connect via USB.

Watch this video to learn how to connect the Square Stand and reader:


Find answers to frequently asked questions and review these reader troubleshooting tips if you run into any issues. 
Learn more about:Contactless and Chip Reader
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Devices Compatible with Square Contactless and Chip Card Reader

View Article
Get Started with the Square Chip Card Reader

View Article
Square Contactless and Chip Card Reader Troubleshooting

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
