HOME
TOPICS
Get Started with Square Timecards

Article Contents

Set Up and Review Your Overtime Settings
Timecard Reporting
Edit Employee Timecards
Export Timecard Reports
If you’re using Employee Management or Square Payroll, you can keep track of the hours your employees work with Square Timecards. With Square Timecard reports, you’ll save time calculating employee hours and running payroll with automatic overtime and double-time calculations that are easily exported to Square Payroll or as a .csv file. Once you’ve set up your employee timecards, you can view your timecard reports right from your Square Dashboard.

Set Up and Review Your Overtime Settings

Overtime settings are automatically associated with the state based on your location. Your can confirm your location(s) by visiting Accounts and Settings in your online Dashboard.

Review Settings and Set Your Work Period:

Sign in to your online Square Dashboard and click Timecards > Settings.
Review the overtime settings for your location(s).
Click Work Period to set your start of work week and start of work day.
Click Save.
Timecard Reporting

Report

To view your Timecards Report:

Visit Timecards > Reports in your online Square Dashboard.

Timecard reports display a summary of hours for each of your employees for the date range you’ve selected. The overtime and double-time columns only appear in the report when at least one employee has reached overtime or double time.

The total hours for employees who have overtime or double-time hours associated with them appear in red.

Activity

To view your Timecards Activity page, visit Timecards > Activity.

The Timecards Activity page displays a breakdown of individual timecards for employees. A green dot appears next to open timecards.

Edit Employee Timecards

To edit an employee’s timecard from your online Square Dashboard:

Click Timecards > Activity. Adjust the report filters to find the timecard you would like to edit.
Locate the timecard and click Edit.
Adjust the clock in/out time or date.
Click Save.
Export Timecard Reports

To export your timecard or activity report:

Visit Timecards
Click Reports or Activity, depending on the level of detail you require.
Click Export to download your Timecard Report as a CSV file.
Learn more about:Employee Management
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Related Articles

Run Payroll

View Article
Square Dashboard Overview

View Article
Timecard Management with Square

View Article
Start Using Timecards with Square Payroll

View Article
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
