HOME
TOPICS
Get Started With Email Collection Tools

Article Contents

Here’s How They Work
Collect Emails Online
Collect Emails With The Point Of Sale App
Here’s How They Work

Email collection tools enable you to expand your marketing reach by letting customers sign up for your newsletter right from your website and social media accounts. Email addresses and names shared by customers will be saved in your Customer Directory, and can be used with Square Marketing or exported for use with a third-party marketing service.

Customers who sign up for your mailing list will be reflected in the Collected Emails group of your Customer Directory.

Collect Emails Online

There are two ways to use Email Collection Tools online. You could share the unique URL for your Hosted Sign-Up Page and embed a sign-up form directly into your existing website.

Hosted Sign-Up Page

This option provides you a unique URL that can be shared on social media and can be used to create a redirect button for your website. The URL will take your customers to a dedicated landing page where they can share their email address.

To enable your Hosted Sign-Up Page URL:

Visit the Customers tab of your online Square Dashboard > click Settings > click Email Collection.
Customize the color scheme and copy for your landing page > click Preview to review your edits.
Copy the sign-up page URL.
Pasting your sign-up page URL into a social media post like Facebook will also generate a preview of the landing page.

Embedded Sign-Up Form

This option provides you with an embeddable widget for your website where customers can provide their email address. Your online Square Dashboard will display a block of HTML code that can be copy/pasted into your CRM editing tool.

To create your sign-up form widget:

Visit the Customers tab of your online Square Dashboard > click Settings > click Email Collection.
Customize button text and color.
Copy HTML code > paste HTML code in your CRM editing tool.
If you need help pasting the HTML code within your CRM editing tool, please reach out to your CRM provider.

Note: Any updates made to the embedded form won’t reflect on your website unless the updated HTML code is copy/pasted in your CRM editing tool after edits are made.

Collect Emails With The Point Of Sale App

When you enable the email collection screen for your Square app, customers who have never received an emailed receipt from a Square seller will be prompted to sign up for your newsletter. The email collection screen will appear after the transaction if your customer declines to receive a receipt or is signed up for SMS receipts.

Customers who sign up for your mailing list will be reflected in the Collected Emails group of your Customer Directory.

Customers who are already receiving automatic email receipts will not be prompted to sign up, as they’re already considered reachable with Square Marketing.

To enable the email collection screen:
1. Tap Settings in your Square Point of Sale app.
2. Tap Email Collection > toggle Show Email Collection Screen on.

Note: If you’re using Square Loyalty, the email collection screen will not be displayed if the purchase is eligible for a star. If you’d like to collect customer emails and use Square Loyalty, you may be interested in using the email collection tools included in the loyalty program setup process.
Learn more about:Email Marketing
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
