HOME
TOPICS
Square Checkout vs. Square's Transactions API

Article Contents

Square Checkout vs. Square’s Transactions API
Partnerships
Looking to add Square payments functionality to a custom-built eCommerce site?

Square Checkout vs. Square’s Transactions API

With Square, you have two options for processing payments through your online platform: Square Checkout and the Transactions API.

Square Checkout API is a secure, out-of-the-box solution that provides a beautiful checkout UI (hosted on a Square domain) and full functionality with a single integration.

Square’s Transactions API, on the other hand, requires more integration work but gives you the ability to control your own checkout and payment UI and accept payment directly on your site without redirecting to a Square domain. See the table below for a complete comparison and to decide which solution is best for you.

Pricing for payments processed via Square Checkout or the Transactions API is 2.90% + $0.30 per transaction.

Square Checkout	Transactions API
Itemization	Yes	Yes - using the Orders API.
Store Customer Data	Yes	Yes - requires separate integration.
Dashboard Reporting	Yes - includes customer data and itemization.	Yes - only includes transaction amount (not itemized or tied to a customer).
Customizability	No - Checkout has a pre-built UI. The only points of customization are: include confirmation page (vs redirect back to your site), and include shipping field (or not).	Yes - you can build your payment form and flow to your exact specifications.
Self-hosted	No - Checkout is hosted on a Square domain. Customers will be redirected to the form on a squareup.com domain to complete checkout; you can choose to redirect them back to your site for confirmation.	Yes - payment will take place on your site.
Card on File	No	Yes - requires a separate integration.
Data Encryption and PCI Compliant Processing Included	Yes	Yes
SSL Needed	No - Checkout does not require SSL We do recommend that your site be SSL certified, but it is not required to use Checkout.	Yes
Eligible for Chargeback Protection	Yes	Yes - only if you choose to collect shipping or billing information and customer email through your payment form and pass that information to Square.
Developer Skills Required to Implement	Yes	Yes
Partnerships

Not working with a developer? Is your website on one of our partner platforms? We have partnered with the following sites to provide pre-built Square payments integrations, so you can easily connect Square to your site - no coding required:

BigCommerce
Weebly
Wix
WooCommerce
Ecwid
3dcart
Magento
Drupal Commerce
Seller Community: Ask questions, get answers, and see how other Square sellers are connecting to eCommerce partners.
Learn more about:Payments APIs
Help us improve our Support Center. Was this article helpful?
YES
NO
Still need help? Ask the community

Visit community forum
 
 
© 2009–2018 Square, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Legal
Licenses
